Eggs Benedict Don – Fit for a Queen.

This dish is the result of Yukihira fine-tuning both the eggs benedict that Erina made in Episode 13 of Season 1 during the Training Camp Arc for the 200 serving breakfast challenge, and also the Chicken Egg Tempura Don that Soma made in Episode 50 for Erina during her stay at the Polar Star Dorm.

Combining the two together, he created the ultimate eggs benedict donburi by replacing the English muffin with a konbu and shiso leaf rice, replacing bacon for fried pork, and adding an extra layer of finesse by tempura frying a soft poached egg, and fusing Japanese flavours into a classic hollandaise sauce.
[INGREDIENTS]:
Japanese Hollandaise
• 150g unsalted butter
• 2 large egg yolks
• 1-2tsp yuzu or lemon juice
• 1-2tsp soy sauce
Tonkatsu
• Pork loin or scotch fillet, 1 per portion
• Salt and pepper
• AP flour
• 1-2 large eggs
• Panko breadcrumbs
• Vegetable oil
Tempura eggs
• FRESH large eggs
• Water for poaching
• ½ cup/125g AP or cake flour
• ½ cup/125ml ice cold water
• 1 ½ tsp/5g cornflour
• Vegetable oil
To serve:
• White Rice
• Konbu (cooked with rice)
• Shiso leaves or relevant/available substitute i.e. Thai Basil
• Finely sliced spring onions or garlic chives.



Transforming Furikake Rice
Ingredients:

2 tbsp. sesame oil.
8 Unbreaded chicken wings, uncooked
2 tsp. bonito soup stock
5 cups of water
2 teaspoon of minced ginger
1 Tbsp. sugar
3 Tbsp. of soy sauce
1/4 cup sake
2 Tbsp. gelatin
1 cup white rice
2 green onions
4 eggs
Salt and pepper to taste

Instructions:
1. Add sesame oil to a pan and heat to medium. Fry the chicken wings for 10-15 minutes, or until golden brown. Save the chicken residue in the pan.
2. Add water and soup stock to a pot and heat to a boil. Add the chicken and turn the broth down to medium low.
3. Add the ginger, soy sauce, sake, and sugar to the chicken pan. Stir all of these ingredients with a wooden spoon.
4. Pour everything from the pan into the Broth. Simmer on medium-low for 20 minutes.
5. Take the broth off the heat and let it sit for a few minutes. If there is a layer of fat on the top, take it off. Take the chicken wings out and set aside.
6. Add the gelatine to 1/2 of water and let bloom for 5 minutes. Mix the gelatine into the water until fully dissolved. Add the gelatine mix to the broth mix.
7. Grease a tray with butter. Add the broth. Cover with cling wrap, put in the fridge and and let solidify for 2 hours.
8. Separate the chicken from the bone and skin. Add the chicken to the rice, unless you want the recipe to be exactly like in Food Wars.
9. Take the gelatin broth out of the fridge and Cut small cubes of broth gelatin.
10. Scramble eggs. Add eggs and chopped gr


Gotcha Roasted Pork
Ingredients:

about 3 packets of bacon

6 potatoes

½ cup Mushrooms

1 small onion

salt and pepper

2 tablespoons of butter

¼ cup of red wine

2 tablespoons soy sauce

1 tablespoon sweet sake

some rosemary

butcher twine

Directions:

First mince the onion and mushrooms, and pre heat the oven to 350-370






